His mouth hurts
Painful
He just feels guilty about me
He cares about you
He wants you to be well.
I don't know if I should leave him alone.
Anyway, I'm over it.
Let's talk about what to do together
Thanks for pinching my face
I have learned a lot from you
I decided to go back.
Give you a few days to get the last existence.
future
You are back.
Why don't you find mom
Do you hate me?
How come?
I can still call you mom
I just don't know how to face you
I'm sorry, you silly child.
I'm sorry, mom threw me back
Engraved in mother's heart
You will always be your mother's child
Would you still like to be your mother's child?
Mom, I do.
I do, mom.
We will all be your daughters from now on
Ok ok
All right, your game on April 14th
Whoever wins the UFC championship
It's all mother's pride
Come on, let's have a fair fight
Today is April 14th.
Welcome to this year's UFZ.
The final scene of the Ultimate Geddo Championship
Let's welcome both players with a big round of applause
Lin Wenli Lin Wenli
Lin Wenli Yuan Jianan Yuan Jianan
Yuan Jianan
From what you can see, the approval rating of both sides is very high
So which of the two players will win this UMV?
The Ultimate Fighting Championship gold belt
Let's wait and see.
Okay, I can feel everyone's enthusiasm.
Let's listen
What do the two sides want to tell each other?
No matter the outcome
How I hope
We can throw every punch without regret
You are still so verbose
But I want to say
The gold belt must be mine
Ok ok ok
321 come here